Propose changes to the continuum document (#31)
ossf/Memory-Safety: docs/memory-safety-continuum.md

## The Continuum - Understanding Where Your Software Is Now

> The continuum we proose, from "least safety" to "most safety", is a way to understand where your software is now in terms of memory safety and what you can do to improve it. The ambition of developers and organizations should be to follow **current** best practice for the eco system that they are in, and to use the modern tool chains for that eco system towards a more memory safe state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The continuum we propose, from "least safety" to "most safety", is a way to understand where your software is now in terms of memory safety and what you can do to improve it. The ambition of developers and organizations should be to follow **current** best practice for the eco system that they are in, and to use the modern tool chains for that eco system towards a more memory safe state.
```

> The continuum we proose, from "least safety" to "most safety", is a way to understand where your software is now in terms of memory safety and what you can do to improve it. The ambition of developers and organizations should be to follow **current** best practice for the eco system that they are in, and to use the modern tool chains for that eco system towards a more memory safe state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This continuum, from "least safe" to "most safe", is intended to help you define and understand the memory safety of your software and what you can do to improve it. We propose that developers and organizations should use modern toolchains and follow current best practices for their software ecosystems. In particular, whenever, there is a memory safe feature or workflow, it should be adopted over a non-memory safe variant.
```

* Using a non-memory safe by default language (such as C or C++) without developer best practices or automated tooling to check for memory safety
* Using a non-memory safe by default language with developer best practices, but no automated tooling to check for memory safety
* Using a non-memory safe by default language with developer best practices and automated tooling to check for memory safety in your software's code
* Using a non-memory safe by default language with developer best practices and automated tooling to check for memory safety in your software's code as well as in all your software's dependencies code

> * Using a memory safe by default language (such as Rust, Go, Python, Java, JavaScript, C#) without developer best practices and compiler-activated plugin, post processors etc. and without additional automated tooling that checks for memory safety 

Reviewer 2: Lists of things should always be in alpha order unless the specific order is described.

Reviewer 2: This wording is better. I still find it quite academic.

If I write code in a programming language, I want to do know if the default toolchain in its default configuration provides sufficient safety. If so, I'm done, unless I am writing unsafe code.

The problem with this continuum is that line 25 is the first line describing safe languages and it doesn't strike me as indicative of a default configuration for C# or Rust, for example.

Two changes would help this a lot.

- Invert the order so that one doesn't need to work through the whole list to get to the good state.
- Provide examples. I'd love to see where a default Python install falls on this list, for example. Otherwise, this continuum is very hard to make concrete for the reader.
